As the US's economy continues to evolve with the rapid tide of globalization and interstate commerce, the opportunities for growth and development for businesses among a variety of sectors have likewise expanded notably over the last two decades. One state that has especially drawn attention as of late for its economic potence is Virginia, partly on account of its proximity to Washington, DC, as well as the nationwide shift toward more technological jobs.

This project will interpret the trends in population, income, and GDP by industry throughout Virginia from 2001 to 2018.  Rather than analyze Virginia as a whole, we can delve further and examine its individual geographic areas.  As a reference over the course of this project, a geographic area can be defined as a county or independent city within Virginia.  We do this in order to take into account the impact of geography on predominant industries.  Of course, we can also consider how the rise of an industry in a certain area can affect said area's population and income over time.

Our data can be found at the [Bureau of Economic Analysis](https://apps.bea.gov/regional/downloadzip.cfm), and downloaded and converted as CSV files with the help of Pandas.  After cleaning up our data to focus on the years 2001 through 2018, we will first look at trends in personal and per capita income in both absolute and relative figures.  Similarly, we will pivot toward population, and isolate the areas with the most significant absolute and relative shifts in this regard.  Finally, we will identify which industry constituted the greatest share of total GDP for each area over our time span of interest.  As an extension to this last point, we will expand our inquiry toward identifying what relationships, if any, there are between an area's most significant sector and its relative changes in personal income, per capita income, and population from 2001 to 2018.  Using this, we can identify if there any particular industries drawing more people toward certain areas, or are earning their residents more income, from a societal and individual perspective.
